at Basel World 2014 Rolex leading brand
of a Swiss watch industry unveiled the
new models in it's emblematic oyster
collection it also presented an entirely
new chilena collection of dress watches
inspired by tradition in its oyster
collection Rolex introduced a
groundbreaking innovation in ceramics on
a new Oyster Perpetual GMT master - it
features a red and blue Serra chrome
bezel insert manufactured in a single
piece this new insert blends the iconic
aesthetics of the original 1955 GMT
master with the technical performance of
the sera chrome bezel professional
diving legend is reborn with this
updated version of the Oyster Perpetual
sea-dweller originally designed for the
pioneers of deep-sea diving in 1967 this
technical watch is waterproof to a depth
of one thousand two hundred and twenty
meters the new version features the
latest in Rolex innovations and the
invention that made it famous the helium
escape valve Rolex displays the full
extent of its mastery of gem setting the
new oyster Perpetual Datejust pearl
master 34 watches are set with diamonds
and sapphires of exceptional brilliance
these are the first models equipped with
a caliber 20 to 36 a new movement for
women's watches it's seal oxy hairspring
and silicon developed and patented by
Rolex offers peerless chronometric
performance to women's timepieces Rolex
presented three new versions of the
Oyster Perpetual sky dweller this
prestigious watch designed for world
travelers provides a dual time zone
display and a particularly reliable and
innovative patented annual calendar
it's simple function setting interface
the rotatable ring command bezel is
extremely easy to use a new version of
the Oyster Perpetual mill Gauss combines
the green sapphire crystal with a new
intense electric Z blue dial echoing the
emblematic lightning bolt shaped seconds
hand and emphasizing the watch's
technical purpose as a paramagnetic
timepiece designed for engineers and
scientists rolex presented a new jeweled
version of the Oyster Perpetual cosmic
Roth Daytona a marriage of noble 950
platinum and resplendent purest quality
diamonds the dial is paved with diamonds
while the bezel is set with 36 baguette
cut diamonds Rolex introduced updated
versions of its quintessential Oyster
Perpetual model in 31 and 36 millimeters
featuring exclusive new dials the purest
expression of the oyster concept the
Oyster Perpetual affords full access to
the Rolex legend the new chilena
collection combines the best of Rolex
know-how and high standards of
perfection with an approach that
highlights watchmaking heritage in its
most timeless form the new chilena
models are divided into three families
each with four models exclusively in 18
karat white or ever rose gold shalini
time the archetypal expression of a
watchmaking classic shalini date adding
a date function via a hand on a sub dial
and Shalini dual time showing two time
zones simultaneously through these new
models Rolex is once again demonstrating
its capacity for innovation and it's
complete uncompromising mastery of all
aspects of the art of watchmaking from
the case and bracelet to the mechanical
movement and from design to gem setting
you